Red Rain - mashup of unused vocal takes from the "Flex Up" session and the alleged instrumental of "Red Rain"

Whole Lotta Red (feat. Madmaxx602 & Smooky MarGielaa) - mashup of the song using it's updated instrumental

Things Too - remaster using the official instrumental

Designer Shoes - mashup of both versions of the song

B O Y - remaster using the official instrumental, restructured to be 1:1 to the snippet

One Day (feat. Drake) - remaster of the Drake remix of "One Day"

I'm In This Bitch - remaster

Diamonds - remaster

Miss The Rage - recreation of the "OG" solo edit of "Miss The Rage" which uses Carti's vocals from "Ronald"

Hermès Link - remaster

Kid Cudi (feat. Young Nudy) - song restructured to sound more like it's Carti's song, added beat drop from uncensored version

Party With Her - remaster using the official instrumental

Right Now - removed the open verse and fixed a cut in the file, made vocals more prominent

Alien Autopsy (feat. Trippie Redd & NoCap) - remaster using the official streaming release of the song

Let's Get It - remaster

Perky Gon Grab On Meh - mashup of "rs_beatgrail2" and unused vocal takes from the "Dreams" session

molly.jpg - changed the mix of the second verse to sound just like the rest

No Smoke Freestyle - remaster

Pop Our Pills - remaster

Ready To Die - mashup of "All Day" and a random P'ierre beat

R.I.P. Yams (feat. Gunna & Young Thug) - adds Gunna & Young Thug to the song from their song "Peephole" which uses the same beat, also fixes some cuts in the beat

u kan do it too. - cut the intro & outro

Breathin - remaster

10 Vibes - mashup of "rs_10vibes" and unused vocals from the "Athena" session

Act Like A Fool - remaster

Talkative - remaster

JumpOutTheCoupe (feat. Lil Uzi Vert) - remaster

HXD - remaster

My Cup - cut the open verse

I Got These - remaster

Destiny's Child - remaster

Tr3nches - remaster using the official instrumental

Kill One Of You Niggas - remaster using the official instrumental

Top Of The List (feat. Guap Tarantino) - remaster

Opium * - remaster

Not4Meh - remaster using the official instrumental

Eastside - remaster using the official instrumental

Tryna Get Down - remaster using the official instrumental

M.A.D. (feat. RX PESO) - adds RX PESO to the song from the 2 available lq snippets

oh my god ! - remaster using the official instrumental

In Line - remaster

XTC - remaster